yeah check this one out King from Reds
y'all got a nice one for you finis yeah
yeah check this one out your arm you are
not witnessing it spectacular a
contender a challenge on someone to eat
you up and devour you cowards get caught
there until I'm good like boxing enough
even your mother is Chuck I get rude
cheeky winded been in to clean this rock
game mark I said it right but these
folks are and some restore the bridges
and get back to the real competition but
you know sometimes I get sidetracked
winner women i get rid explicit that's
real living still chillin keep myself so
vivid but i'm serving these bar thing
you got menses deadliest up raw
materials you're feeling it's on my swag
is appealing his florida you niggas fuck
is coming as luck pneus you need to
point to a fuck whoa for your porn is it
supported pussy I'll beginning why you
stick to your blue movies rookie no
Nikki niggas trying to test me I'll see
local public schools they already dry by
it didn't slide I see you niggas real
face you get in my face without nonsense
you ain't got no conscience we can get
the swing is like an audience watching
box-office you niggas wanna get to this
vibe you crazy you know what Cooper as I
couldn't ND i do it these fire guys
that's why i get rated remaining
undisputed my games only improve it your
name in the game is trying to find mines
opaque bring you death for a second
fingers translucent i'm a big influence
to these individuals ain't no criminal
bach to portray that image still your
mind make you think twice about
decisions you make in life I'm a
heartless God times my best to be honest
but I'm saying is a longevity of your
right Karev is gonna be a Don food chill
son smoothing it grew from time to time
filling you in with the best advice
flows nice coming with our roads and
every given ups reached out to try and
hire me thing is I don't come that easy
same way when I'm River chillin on our
son Ian stamina you prematurely anything
I be proud of your lost cause why only
you my winning fiber you love to walk
I'm renowned
turok just what I'll keep it ever so
coaches some showing love got rolled up
you use a bishop in the corner you get
on celebrating stuff similar to one its
call me a supernova I'm hard and you're
wrong run as hot as day I but I bald
isn't brown super small so don't ever
try to forward its Wiseman guided by the
right just let them give up off you guys
anything right yeah but I need the right
there man plenty more to them